


Class LabelColumn
@package kak\widgets\grid\columns

#### *public* labels 
 @var array $labels the configuration on how to display the different label values.

```
active' => [                       // value cell
    'label' => 'subscribed',       // class label
    'options' => [
        'style' => 'padding: 2px'  // style label tag
    ]
,
```

The key names of the array will be used to match against the value. If a match is found, will render a bootstrap
label with the options provided.

@see http://getbootstrap.com/components/#labels

#### *public* format 
 @var string forcely set the format to HTML.

#### *public* summary 
 @var string|\Closure

#### *public* grid 
 r \kak\widgets\grid\GridView */
#### *public* attribute 
 @var string the attribute name associated with this column. When neither [[content]] nor [[value]]
is specified, the value of the specified attribute will be retrieved from each data model and displayed.

Also, if [[label]] is not specified, the label associated with the attribute will be displayed.

#### *public* label 
 @var string label to be displayed in the [[header|header cell]] and also to be used as the sorting
link label when sorting is enabled for this column.
If it is not set and the models provided by the GridViews data provider are instances
of [[\yii\db\ActiveRecord]], the label will be determined using [[\yii\db\ActiveRecord::getAttributeLabel()]].
Otherwise [[\yii\helpers\Inflector::camel2words()]] will be used to get a label.

#### *public* encodeLabel 
 @var bool whether the header label should be HTML-encoded.
@see label
@since 2.0.1

#### *public* value 
 @var string|Closure an anonymous function or a string that is used to determine the value to display in the current column.

If this is an anonymous function, it will be called for each row and the return value will be used as the value to
display for every data model. The signature of this function should be: `function ($model, $key, $index, $column)`.
Where `$model`, `$key`, and `$index` refer to the model, key and index of the row currently being rendered
and `$column` is a reference to the [[DataColumn]] object.

You may also set this property to a string representing the attribute name to be displayed in this column.
This can be used when the attribute to be displayed is different from the [[attribute]] that is used for
sorting and filtering.

If this is not set, `$model[$attribute]` will be used to obtain the value, where `$attribute` is the value of [[attribute]].

#### *public* enableSorting 
 @var bool whether to allow sorting by this column. If true and [[attribute]] is found in
the sort definition of [[GridView::dataProvider]], then the header cell of this column
will contain a link that may trigger the sorting when being clicked.

#### *public* sortLinkOptions 
 @var array the HTML attributes for the link tag in the header cell
generated by [[\yii\data\Sort::link]] when sorting is enabled for this column.
@see \yii\helpers\Html::renderTagAttributes() for details on how attributes are being rendered.

#### *public* filter 
 @var string|array|null|false the HTML code representing a filter input (e.g. a text field, a dropdown list)
that is used for this data column. This property is effective only when [[GridView::filterModel]] is set.

- If this property is not set, a text field will be generated as the filter input;
- If this property is an array, a dropdown list will be generated that uses this property value as
  the list options.
- If you don't want a filter for this data column, set this value to be false.

#### *public* filterInputOptions 
 @var array the HTML attributes for the filter input fields. This property is used in combination with
the [[filter]] property. When [[filter]] is not set or is an array, this property will be used to
render the HTML attributes for the generated filter input fields.
@see \yii\helpers\Html::renderTagAttributes() for details on how attributes are being rendered.

#### *public* header 
 @var string the header cell content. Note that it will not be HTML-encoded.

#### *public* footer 
 @var string the footer cell content. Note that it will not be HTML-encoded.

#### *public* content 
 @var callable This is a callable that will be used to generate the content of each cell.
The signature of the function should be the following: `function ($model, $key, $index, $column)`.
Where `$model`, `$key`, and `$index` refer to the model, key and index of the row currently being rendered
and `$column` is a reference to the [[Column]] object.

#### *public* visible 
 @var bool whether this column is visible. Defaults to true.

#### *public* options 
 @var array the HTML attributes for the column group tag.
@see \yii\helpers\Html::renderTagAttributes() for details on how attributes are being rendered.

#### *public* headerOptions 
 @var array the HTML attributes for the header cell tag.
@see \yii\helpers\Html::renderTagAttributes() for details on how attributes are being rendered.

#### *public* contentOptions 
 @var array|\Closure the HTML attributes for the data cell tag. This can either be an array of
attributes or an anonymous function ([[Closure]]) that returns such an array.
The signature of the function should be the following: `function ($model, $key, $index, $column)`.
Where `$model`, `$key`, and `$index` refer to the model, key and index of the row currently being rendered
and `$column` is a reference to the [[Column]] object.
A function may be used to assign different attributes to different rows based on the data in that row.

@see \yii\helpers\Html::renderTagAttributes() for details on how attributes are being rendered.

#### *public* footerOptions 
 @var array the HTML attributes for the footer cell tag.
@see \yii\helpers\Html::renderTagAttributes() for details on how attributes are being rendered.

#### *public* filterOptions 
 @var array the HTML attributes for the filter cell tag.
@see \yii\helpers\Html::renderTagAttributes() for details on how attributes are being rendered.
#### getDataCellValue() 
@inheritdoc

#### renderHeaderCell() 
Renders the header cell.

#### renderDataCell() 
Renders a data cell.
 * `param mixed` $model the data model being rendered
 * `param mixed` $key the key associated with the data model
 * `param int` $index the zero-based index of the data item among the item array returned by [[GridView::dataProvider]].
@return string the rendering result

#### renderFooterCellContent() 
Renders the footer cell content.
The default implementation simply renders [[footer]].
This method may be overridden to customize the rendering of the footer cell.
@return string the rendering result

#### getFooterCellSummary() 
get cell summary column values
@return null|number

#### renderFooterCell() 
Renders the footer cell.

#### renderFilterCell() 
Renders the filter cell.

#### className() 
Returns the fully qualified name of this class.
@return string the fully qualified name of this class.

#### __construct() 
Constructor.

The default implementation does two things:

- Initializes the object with the given configuration `$config`.
- Call [[init()]].

If this method is overridden in a child class, it is recommended that

- the last parameter of the constructor is a configuration array, like `$config` here.
- call the parent implementation at the end of the constructor.

 * `param array` $config name-value pairs that will be used to initialize the object properties

#### init() 
Initializes the object.
This method is invoked at the end of the constructor after the object is initialized with the
given configuration.

#### __get() 
Returns the value of an object property.

Do not call this method directly as it is a PHP magic method that
will be implicitly called when executing `$value = $object->property;`.
 * `param string` $name the property name
@return mixed the property value
@throws UnknownPropertyException if the property is not defined
@throws InvalidCallException if the property is write-only
@see __set()

#### __set() 
Sets value of an object property.

Do not call this method directly as it is a PHP magic method that
will be implicitly called when executing `$object->property = $value;`.
 * `param string` $name the property name or the event name
 * `param mixed` $value the property value
@throws UnknownPropertyException if the property is not defined
@throws InvalidCallException if the property is read-only
@see __get()

#### __isset() 
Checks if a property is set, i.e. defined and not null.

Do not call this method directly as it is a PHP magic method that
will be implicitly called when executing `isset($object->property)`.

Note that if the property is not defined, false will be returned.
 * `param string` $name the property name or the event name
@return bool whether the named property is set (not null).
@see http://php.net/manual/en/function.isset.php

#### __unset() 
Sets an object property to null.

Do not call this method directly as it is a PHP magic method that
will be implicitly called when executing `unset($object->property)`.

Note that if the property is not defined, this method will do nothing.
If the property is read-only, it will throw an exception.
 * `param string` $name the property name
@throws InvalidCallException if the property is read only.
@see http://php.net/manual/en/function.unset.php

#### __call() 
Calls the named method which is not a class method.

Do not call this method directly as it is a PHP magic method that
will be implicitly called when an unknown method is being invoked.
 * `param string` $name the method name
 * `param array` $params method parameters
@throws UnknownMethodException when calling unknown method
@return mixed the method return value

#### hasProperty() 
Returns a value indicating whether a property is defined.

A property is defined if:

- the class has a getter or setter method associated with the specified name
  (in this case, property name is case-insensitive);
- the class has a member variable with the specified name (when `$checkVars` is true);

 * `param string` $name the property name
 * `param bool` $checkVars whether to treat member variables as properties
@return bool whether the property is defined
@see canGetProperty()
@see canSetProperty()

#### canGetProperty() 
Returns a value indicating whether a property can be read.

A property is readable if:

- the class has a getter method associated with the specified name
  (in this case, property name is case-insensitive);
- the class has a member variable with the specified name (when `$checkVars` is true);

 * `param string` $name the property name
 * `param bool` $checkVars whether to treat member variables as properties
@return bool whether the property can be read
@see canSetProperty()

#### canSetProperty() 
Returns a value indicating whether a property can be set.

A property is writable if:

- the class has a setter method associated with the specified name
  (in this case, property name is case-insensitive);
- the class has a member variable with the specified name (when `$checkVars` is true);

 * `param string` $name the property name
 * `param bool` $checkVars whether to treat member variables as properties
@return bool whether the property can be written
@see canGetProperty()

#### hasMethod() 
Returns a value indicating whether a method is defined.

The default implementation is a call to php function `method_exists()`.
You may override this method when you implemented the php magic method `__call()`.
 * `param string` $name the method name
@return bool whether the method is defined


